is serving the Copacabana news
it's yours and mine
Copacabana was present at the World Cup
brasil-2014 and is that santiago arias
worthy representative of the founder of
peoples represent the 70,000
inhabitants of the municipality who at a
single voice one heart and one single
feeling they overturned in the park
main to support the selection
Colombia and be proud of the
plays of number 4
in which thank you very much for
for that unconditional support that we
they painted why welcome that I
they did it is a pride to belong to this
great municipality and give you everything then it is
grateful for such good energy
discipline constancy responsibility and
commitment are characteristics of this
athlete and is that without these qualities
you could not become a soccer player
Professional or grow as a person is
That is why Copacabana received it as
a hero and as an example to follow for
the more than 16,000 young people and children of
good municipality I also want to send you
greetings to all the children at
young boys
they have to practice sports that this
will help you
to be trained not so much as an athlete
but as people and that nothing that
get away from all the bad things that in
any time you can reach them
for the inhabitants of copacabana the
player is today a benchmark of football
in the municipality a national pride and a
world representative thanks to his good
performance in the Dutch team where
he plays since 2013 but he feels
represent a municipality and a country in
a world cup
more than all happiness and when this
So proud to represent your
country I think the best thing to him
pass to one person and more to us those
that we do sports then attack
that the energy that you feel being
found is huge today Colombians
they scream one more time thank you selection
Colombia for filling us with pride and today
the cop ends in ses scream grace
santiago arias for being a worthy
representative of our municipality